Imagine you are a Computer Science student, trying to do algorithms homework. In this question, you must implement your own graph data structure by taking inspiration from the Algorithms book by Robert Sedgewick and using it to help solve problems in Java programming language. You are not allowed to use any external library or .jar file.

You live in a city having N stations connected by M undirected railway tracks. Each track connects two distinct stations and no two tracks connect the same pair of stations. You can go from any station A to any station B if there is a railway track between them. The distance between two stations is the minimum possible number of railway tracks on the path between them. You want to add new tracks in the city. But you do not want to decrease the distance between your home station X and TEDU station Y. You need to find the number of unordered pairs of two distinct stations that are not connected initially, such that if the new track between these two stations is built, the distance between stations X and Y won’t decrease. 

In the input, the first line contains 4 space-separated integers, N, M, X and Y. N denotes the total number of stations, M denotes the railway tracks, X denotes the home station and Y denotes the TEDU station respectively. The next M lines represent the two integers A and B, such that there is a railway track from station A to station B. In the sample input, it is given that we have 5 stations and 4 undirected railway tracks between them. And for this case, the home station is 3, and the TEDU station is 5. The next lines give the connections between the stations.

Sample Input:
5 4 3 5
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 5

In the output, the first line prints an integer K, denoting the number of stations you add to the railway tracks. The next K lines give the new railway tracks which do not decrease the distance between stations X and Y denote the home station and TEDU station. If there are not any possible new tracks, your program should print -1. The output for the above input is as follows. Please check your program with this input as well as the others that you will create. Please note that we may use other input when judging your code.

Sample Output:
5
1 3
1 4
1 5
2 5
2 4